So now we added pagination to our application
and of course you can now tweak this adjusted to your needs,
change the items per page you want to display for example, if you switch that to two and you reload, you won't
find items on page 4 but you will find items on page 1
and now you got all that logic in place that should allow you to display the data you want to display
and to not fetch all the data in one go.
And it's important for you to understand that since find uses a cursor,
it does only retrieve the items you need. Count documents does not retrieve all,
it only counts them which is faster than retrieving them and skip and limit also manage
or are managed by mongodb in a way that you only transfer the items over the wire which you
really need,
so this is not doing some server side filtering of the data, it really filters it on the database server
already.
So this is how you can add pagination to your node express application.